you can't change best of ones because
because Wyatt just loves them so got to
deal with it I'm joined right now by a
hon sir on the first day of week six
coverage presented by Omni slash monster
TSM well it's the first time I've
interviewed a player from TSM in a while
yeah yeah because I you guys have been
losing and I'll it seems like this has
been a common trend for kind of all the
older teams other than cloud nine
although they lost today
so first up you know what's been going
on with TSM why you guys kind of in this
free fall
well I feel like we just don't have the
complete like surgery as a team yet and
so we as players we all know like how to
play the game in well but we just don't
know how to play with each other and so
after last week's loss we really tried
really hard to like figure out
responsibilities and roles for each
people and I think that helped a lot and
just made our games more consistent and
we also like played with the mindset
like we have to do something like each
point time there's no more like just so
acute like let me come on play and it's
completely saw that no one knows like
what the fun we're doing and then I'm
like we get caught we throw that
happened a lot before but now we're
working on that okay so when you said
you guys all kind of sat down and figure
it out I've heard I've heard two ways
that teams handle this stuff one way is
like alright guys let's just openly
discuss our feelings other ways it's
like a pressure valve where it's just
sort of like all this touched it builds
up for weeks and then it's like I hate
your jungling I hate your support yeah
well I hate your ad carry I'm not asking
you to go into all the drama but was it
was it kind of like the healthy anger or
was it more like calm rational
discussion you know right after I lost
we all went back to the room well like
mad as and it was just really we're
all just frustrated with our play
because like we're better than we're
performing and you know we just like
pointed out like what we need to face is
something that
and I don't think anyone took anyone's
like feelings were hurt or anything
we are like we're honest I'll be all
want to improve and we're not gonna take
it to heart I'm just like the criticism
that guess told to us so I think it was
pretty healthy discussion yeah what did
you think did you see the interviewer or
at least a headline of the interview I
did was spend last week or he's like I
know how it is what TSM losses that I
wanted to make them feel that way oh man
well he's he's not wrong that is how it
feels to like to lose on TSM you know
you have a lot of expectations going for
you if you lose it feels really bad
there's a lot of stress that's for sure
also speaking of your old teammates bio
frost was on hotline League this week
when I said in an interview with Avila
Hunter said I think bio frost doesn't
like me anymore I want you to know the
good news is he says that he's on good
terms everything's ok so I'm bringing
friendship back together right now
that's great cuz I was just on defense
for quite a while whether or not he
liked me not even one is on the team but
know that I know that Thank You Travis
well don't worry a very polite vincent
in front of 1600 people he'd have no
resilient world to say otherwise he said
he likes you so why wouldn't it wasn't
for PR at all it's just it's true
feelings yeah okay
let's get back to the current TSM roster
okay so you said that it's staying a
little bit for like everyone to kind of
jam and gel do you you feel like you
guys have kind of figured that out now I
think we're starting to get the grass
yeah it's just a very beginning I think
from here on out we're gonna be getting
a lot better and more consistent there's
not gonna be like other ending games
I've had like no more like 10k gold
needs and then which is like selling for
10 minutes and we throw the game I don't
want stuff like that just more clean and
crisply okay so a lot of you will start
and write you guys off as a Finals
contender even though that's always been
the TSN thing are you guys do you think
you still have it in your is this gonna
be kind of like an off split I think
those people are very
a delusional because I mean you guys
lost a lot of games yeah I know I know
but spring split of 2015 it was just as
bad
I mean we're even worse back then and we
barely managed to win finals it was like
it came down to one last teamfight
basically yeah and so if we could if we
can make follows then we can make files
now for sure wait didn't you lose that
split yeah I mean we made fun oh I see
sorry they've deemed that she got you
there it came down and when I see if I
sorry I was gonna say like you're like
they're delusional don't they remember
when we won finals it's spring like it
caved out of that teamfight what we want
we went to MSI we would have I guess
Eska to the finals
though all right so maybe just sort of
getting your feet underneath you and and
everything's going well
actually one question for you because a
lot of people when speculating about
this do you think your record and your
standing would be what it is if you were
still in the best of three environment
no I think I record would be better
because for the first three weeks I
think I'm some players had like odd
nervousness and they weren't playing
like a hundred percent and the best of
ones you have to play a hundred percent
on that first game otherwise yeah for
like a really good possibility of losing
and if we could play like a bust of
threes you know if we lose the first
game and people like start get warmed up
and then walk prepared they have the
better month cycle in the second game
and I just I think it's easier to play
for me personally but you know you can't
change best of ones because because why
I just loves them so got to deal with it
yeah finally any thoughts on the passion
of just hit the pastures hit it's pretty
crazy I think there'll be a lot of
changes in the champions FISMA Delaine
got completely rehabbed items and then
there's some nurse top lane like I think
one will be a lot less prevalent but now
sirens coming in destroy top lane into
the tank so I overall would be pretty
similar but those are gonna be like Def
Jam pians are you excited about it or is
it just whatever another another path oh
oh yeah and then the warding the warding
change that's the biggest point I think
I don't know what to expect man I
haven't played on so lucky that much so
you know we'll see anything to save the
fans
ah thanks for believing in us those who
don't bandwagon and you know what we'll
keep improving from here yeah that's a
shout out to our sponsors dr. pepper
Logitech HUC and Gillette and I think
there's more but that's it for then
we'll get those in the next Center yeah
for sure
thank you so much answer for the
interview really appreciate and congrats
on the big win today it's good to see
you guys getting back in the forum and
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hopefully from that interview you
learned why citrus is the best anime of
all time so you know let's Travis Omni
slash